Add minimum version requirement note (#23122)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/proxy/index.md

{{AddonSidebar}}

> > **Note:** The proxy permission requires "strict_min_version" to be set to "91.1.0" or above. Please update your [manifest.json](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json) version to specify a minimum Firefox version.

Reviewer: As the use of browser_specific_settings isn't mandatory, perhaps we could make the cross-reference more explicit
```suggestion
> **Note:** The "proxy" permission requires `"strict_min_version"` to be set to "91.1.0" or above. To use this permission, add or update the [`"browser_specific_settings"`](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/browser_specific_settings) key in your [manifest.json](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json) to specify a minimum Firefox version.
```
Also, so the context is more obvious, please move below the paragraph talking about the permissions requirements, e.g. "To use this API you need to have the "proxy""
